Capstone Project Review Checklist
Did the student pass this evaluation?

yes

Is this project ready for official scoring?

yes

Mobile-first Design

yes

Landing page

yes

Quality Content

yes

Login

no

Concept score

Functionality score

Other feedback

Hi Fu Lin,

Thanks for submitting your app for review. You've done great work and I commend your efforts!

Overall, I have recommended that your app be approved.

I've included detailed feedback and suggestions below, along with screenshots, which I hope will be helpful.

Your screenshots and a downloadable version of this feedback are available at https://www.dropbox.com/sh/v32shq7nkf7hbp0/AACrUsaH4m-B82DkBZe-GGiCa?dl=0. Please download them within one week, as I may remove them after that time.

If you'd like to discuss anything in more detail, you're welcome to get in touch with me via email at jharris@thinkful.com, or on Slack at @joshua_harris.

Kind regards, Joshua Harris, Capstone Grader

Concept
Concept is clear from the feature descriptions. Recommend adding a basic one-sentence tagline below the application title which succinctly describes the benefit a user will get from using the application.

Functionality
I use a traffic light system for functionality review. G stands for green, meaning the feature is working well. Y stands for yellow, meaning the feature is mostly working but needs some attention. R stands for red, meaning the feature appears to be broken.

[G] Search for Jobs
Recommend implementing loading indicator for any functionality like this that can take some time to complete (especially if your Heroku application has gone to sleep), and keeping the form field populated with the user's search until the search results come up so it's clear the application is working.
[G] View Listings
[G] Add and Remove Skills
Mobile-First Design
Mobile-First Design: Landing Page
Recommend decreasing whitespace on mobile to bring content closer to the top of the screen. (1)
Mobile-First Design: Application
All screens respond well on all tested screen sizes and devices. Great job!

Design/UX
Design/UX: Landing Page
Landing page has good information, but styles are sparse. Recommend adding some variation in color and layout to add visual interest. See existing landing pages for examples.
Simple
Duolingo
InVision
Design/UX: Application
Recommend increasing spacing and font size of listings to make them more readable. See http://uxarchive.com, http://mobile-patterns.com, and http://dribbble.com for design inspiration.
Did the student pass this evaluation?

yes

